v0.12 (#170)
astronomer/docs: v0.12/ac-production.md

```

## Setting Up the Scheduler

### Enable the service

Begin by running the following command on the machine which you wish to enable the scheduler:

```
sudo systemctl enable airflow@scheduler.service
```

The machine that will run the scheduler will need some slight configuration, as we have to run DB migrations somewhere, and it's best to only run them from one machine.

>Note: The above is not required, Airflow will not try to apply migrations more than once.

To set up this behavior,  we can edit the "override file" for this unit by running `sudo systemctl edit airflow@scheduler.service`. This will open an editor with an empty document, into which we place:

```
[Service]
ExecStartPre=/home/astro/airflow-venv/bin/airflow upgradedb
```

### Start the service

```
sudo systemctl start airflow@scheduler.service
```

## Setting Up the Webserver

### Enable the service

Begin by running the following command on the machine which you wish to enable the webserver:

```
sudo systemctl enable airflow@webserver.service
```

### Start the service

```
sudo systemctl start airflow@webserver.service
```

### Configuring a Reverse Proxy

> For added security and stability, we reccomend running the webserver behind a reverse proxy and load balancer such as [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/). If you would like to get that set up, you can [follow the guide here](https://airflow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/howto/run-behind-proxy.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For added security and stability, we reccomend running the webserver behind a reverse proxy and load balancer such as [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/). If you would like to get that set up, you can [follow the Airflow guide on using a reverse proxy](http://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/howto/run-behind-proxy.html).
```

(I try to avoid "click here" or variants of it in link targets -- ideally the link text should be "standalone" so it is useful for people using screen-readers, they often skim through links very quickly)

```
AIRFLOW__CORE__SQL_ALCHEMY_CONN_CMD=vault kv get -field=dsn secret/airflow-db
```

## Setting Up the Scheduler

### Enable the service

Begin by running the following command on the machine which you wish to enable the scheduler:

```
sudo systemctl enable airflow@scheduler.service
```

The machine that will run the scheduler will need some slight configuration, as we have to run DB migrations somewhere, and it's best to only run them from one machine.

>Note: The above is not required, Airflow will not try to apply migrations more than once.

To set up this behavior,  we can edit the "override file" for this unit by running `sudo systemctl edit airflow@scheduler.service`. This will open an editor with an empty document, into which we place:

```
[Service]
ExecStartPre=/home/astro/airflow-venv/bin/airflow upgradedb
```

### Start the service

```
sudo systemctl start airflow@scheduler.service
```

## Setting Up the Webserver

### Enable the service

Begin by running the following command on the machine which you wish to enable the webserver:

```
sudo systemctl enable airflow@webserver.service
```

### Start the service

```
sudo systemctl start airflow@webserver.service
```

> ### Configuring a Reverse Proxy

Author: @ashb - you had a todo in here to add a bit about NGINX. I filled out a bit just referencing the default Airflow guide for configuring a load balancer/reverse proxy. Do you think this will do for v1 of this doc?

For added security and stability, we reccomend running the webserver behind a reverse proxy and load balancer such as [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/). If you would like to get that set up, you can [follow the guide here](https://airflow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/howto/run-behind-proxy.html).

## Setting Up the Worker Machines

### Enable the service

Begin by running the following command on the machine which you wish to enable the worker:

```
sudo systemctl enable airflow@worker.service
```

### Start the service

```
sudo systemctl start airflow@worker.service
```

## Deploying DAGs

Every machine running airflow needs a copy of the DAG files.

> TODO: Something about rsync? git sync? Cron job? Ansible?

Author: @ashb - been sleuthing around the internet, but can't find a standard "this is how you deploy DAGs" guide, presumably because it's variant between users. What's the most baseline info we can provide here for v1 of this doc?

```
[Service]
ExecStartPre=/home/astro/airflow-venv/bin/airflow upgradedb
```

### Start the service

```
sudo systemctl start airflow@scheduler.service
```

## Setting Up the Webserver

### Enable the service

Begin by running the following command on the machine which you wish to enable the webserver:

```
sudo systemctl enable airflow@webserver.service
```

### Start the service

```
sudo systemctl start airflow@webserver.service
```

### Configuring a Reverse Proxy

For added security and stability, we reccomend running the webserver behind a reverse proxy and load balancer such as [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/). If you would like to get that set up, you can [follow the Airflow guide on using a reverse proxy](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/howto/run-behind-proxy.html).

## Setting Up the Worker Machines

### Enable the service

Begin by running the following command on the machine which you wish to enable the worker:

```
sudo systemctl enable airflow@worker.service
```

### Start the service

```
sudo systemctl start airflow@worker.service
```

> ## Deploying DAGs

Author: @ashb - can you give this a review when you get a chance?

> Every machine running airflow needs a copy of the DAG files, with all DAG files appearing in the same DAG folder (a popular place to store these is `/airflow/dags`). There are many ways in which you can make this happen, but some popular options include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every machine running Airflow needs a copy of the DAG files, with all DAG files appearing in the same DAG folder (`/usr/local/airflow/` if you followed the earlier steps in this guide). There are many ways in which you can make this happen, but some popular options include:
```

- Baking DAGs into the docker image alongside Airflow.
- Via a job that refreshes the DAGs folder on a schedule ([this is how the folks at WePay do it](https://wecode.wepay.com/posts/airflow-wepay)).

> - Via an automated sync from a shared filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Via existing automation tools such as Ansible, Puppet or Chef. 
- Via making the DAGs live on a shared filesystem such as NFS (but be aware of read performance penalties - Airflow can be quite heavy on read-ops).
```

>  Whatever you choose, it should align well with your internal development processes and you should leverage the tooling at your disposal (Ansible, Terraform, Git, etc) to automate as much as possible. If you're looking for a full-stack solution for DAG deployment, it's something we can help with via our commercial offerings here at Astronomer. [Get in touch](https://astronomer.io/contact) if you'd like to chat.

Reviewer: Support/AC is a commercial offering too
